Israeli forces are escalating their
attacks on gaza's Southernmost city of
Rafa more than 1 and a half million
Palestinians have sought shelter and
safety there for months that's after
they fled northern areas at the
beginning of the war on Monday the
Israeli military dropped more leaflets
into Eastern parts of Rafa ordering more
people to evacuate Palestinians have
since started moving North to escape
some of the worst of the fighting but
many still say that there is no safe
place in
Gaza we don't know where to go tell us
where to go is Al maasi in cunes a safe
place are there tents is there water is
there electricity is there food and
drink is it a safe place Gaza now has no
safe place in
it the Israeli military has now taken
control of both the Rafa and Kim Abu
salum border crossings preventing vital
humanitarian aid from entering the Gaza
Strip no Aid trucks have been able to
get through since Sunday Israeli forces
are stationed here at the Raa Crossing
and engaged in intense fighting pictures
released by the Israeli Army like these
show their forces operating in eastern
Rafa and overnight Israel intensified
its air strikes in the area but it's
still unclear when the full scale ground
assault on Rafa might
begin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz